---
layout: post
title:  "Demonic Bloodlines of the North"
date:   2012-01-2
excerpt: "A quick overview of the notable demonic lines."
image: /images/emblemPic.png
tag:
- groups
---

## Demonic Bloodlines of the North

- - - - - - -

### Reigning Demon: By-Tor, the Green Chaotic

Born a human, raised among the wood elves in the outer reaches of Midgard. His upbringing is similar to that of his eternal rival, Lord Snowdog. Lord By-Tor embraced the life of servitude to a greater demon that conquered his people, and was one of two survivors of the great onslaught. With the greater demon banished in the fray, By-Tor instead decided to embrace demonic heritage for himself, and set out alongside the other three Chaotics to reach the North.

Following the War for Nilfheim, By-Tor was awarded the plan of Muspielhiem, where his realm still grows. He married the succubus, Hera, but went on to have two hundred and seventy-three children with other suitors, in hopes of raising an army infused with his bloodline. However, the firstborn son of By-Tor immediately became a threat to By-Tor, and set the precedent for all the other children of By-Tor. Abandoned by their husband, the wives of By-Tor taught their children to scorn the demo. Coupling this with Hera's fury at By-Tor for fostering so many children while eloping from her, By-Tor decided to instead kill off all of his children. He has been largely successful, yet his firstborn still remains.

- - - - - - -

Greater Progenitor Demons:
First of their Kind, creatures either born from demonic pacts or from the acquisition of forbidden knowledges and arts. Greater Progenitor Demons cannot be killed, only dispelled, and are often far more powerful than they appear. They typically hold great knowledge and charm, and are highly proud beings. A Greater Progenitor Demon's property is inherited to their first-born upon birth, and only reverts upon death of all kin. Demons of this nature only feed upon the flesh of man, or anything that can be considered worse.

#### Alvrax, Trailer of Night
#### Anastasia, the Mother of Invention
#### By-Gul, the Dappled Cat
#### By-Tor, the Green Chaotic
#### Fafnir, the Azure-scaled
#### Fenrir, the Chained
#### Hera, the Succubus
#### Garm, the First Hellhound
#### Jörmungandr, the Rainbow Serpent
#### Níðhöggr, who Gnaws at the Roots of the World Tree
#### Reina, the Thousand-Headed Heckler
#### Slepnir, Steed to Odin
#### Trjegul, the Blank Cat

- - - - - - -

Lesser Demons:
Half-Bred children of the progenitor demons. Their blood is only half that of a demon, and half that of a mortal. Their appearances typically stray towards their mortal side, but their demonic blood still holds a strong clutch on them. Lesser demons inherit their parent's thirst for human blood, and cannot sustain themselves on any other food. Due to their mortal blood, most lesser demons also have heavily impaired eyesight, as well as an uncanny intelligence and knowledge of natural arcana. Lesser demons of similar bloodlines recognize each other and bond quickly as siblings, and lesser demons of differing bloodlines often act hot-headed and aggressive towards each other.

#### Am, the White Hellhound
#### Falsehead, the Pale of Hand
#### Heirson, the Hundred-Headed
#### Kida, the Paladin of Baldur
#### Kyurikom, the Titleless Tinkerer
#### Logan, Demon of the Blacksmith's Gate
#### Lunate, the Cackler
#### Mulay-May, Paused in her Work
#### Preston, the Ace
#### Rebanond, the Dappled Kit
#### Rebanay, the Missing Kit
#### Sulay-Say, Six Feet Below
#### Trevou, the Azure-tongued
#### The Unresting Flame, Relentless Steed
