---
layout: post
title:  "The Red Monk"
date:   2014-01-8
excerpt: "The Red Chaotic Lord"
image: /images/redPage.png
tag:
- fly by night
- immortals
---

## The Red Monk
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Description

The Red Chaotic, who oversees Vanaheim and the monastery of his own name. Few who see him speak of his appearance, but rather of the experience of being around the man. He dresses how he decides to dress, and appears when he decides to appear. The only thing certain about the Red Monk is, of course, his sense of certainty. His entourage of madmen and soldiers flank him wherever he goes, though this is of their wish and not his own. No one is foolish enough to strike a man who judges the gods. While distant, he is often portrayed as vengeful.

### Mythos

His name is unknown, but he is simply known as the Red Monk. The monks were among the first mortals to settle in the margins of the divine realms, and Aster among them as an orphaned child. He sought to settle the squabblings of men, and turned his gaze to the mountains, where he found passage to the North. Through the acts of the Chaotics, he came to end the war between the Dragons and the Giants, and spoke the final judgement upon them both. Now he resides in the monastery on Vanaheim, where all come to seek his guidance and serve beneath him. 

The Red Monk requires no blades, but he holds the red disgraced blade. It stands at four feet tall, and its stone stores no souls. The Red Monk is famous his technique in open-hand fighting. So long as he is able to lay a hand upon you, he can end your life at any point within the next week, no matter the distance between you two. Any wound inflicted upon him appears not only on his assailant's flesh, but on their kin and offspring for generations to come.

While none of the Chaotics can be found asleep, the Monk Aster is the only of the four who also forgoes food and drink. It is said that his sight pierces not only the body, but the mind. He shows no interest in anything besides the task of judgement and the oversight of a small garden in the middle of the monastery.

He has three daughters, collectively wielding the Dwarven gift of Sifstrand. They are the Daughters of Flowers, known individually as Maragan, Tai, and Shan, and they fight with the Nine.

### Drifters

The Red Monk chose Nero to represent him among the Drifters. He'll be seeing you all soon.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/0nGZDHTXBhb1pcFxjywag3" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
