---
layout: post
title:  "By-Tor"
date:   2014-01-7
excerpt: "The Green Chaotic Lord"
image: /images/greenPage.png
tag:
- fly by night
- immortals
---

## By-Tor
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Description

The Green Chaotic, ruler of Muspelheim and destroyer of 12/777 planes of existence. The demon king, By-Tor, claimed his plane only through the acts of the Chaotics combined. He thirsts for blood more than anything else, but is kept in line by The Snowdog, albiet poorly. Once a paladin, Bytor renounced his ways and sold his body for that of an unspeakable form. It is in this form that he now resides, and he spends his days among his minions in Muspeilheim, biding his time to rise again. While vicious, he is often portrayed as tame.


### Mythos

Bytor wields the green disgraced blade. It stands at five feet, and its stone stores millions of souls. When the blade once stood empty, it is said that Bytor once trapped a demigod in its hilt, rather than fight the man one-on-one. His weapon of choice, though, is Mothrinlaw, the Queen of all Swords. Mothrinlaw is responsible for the destruction of one of the branches of Yggdrasil, though not the one that you would think.

By-Tor cannot be harmed by fire, steel, and cannot drown. He must be fought with wit or hand. There is no sense to his destruction, nor will anything sate his appetite. He continues to build his domain.

He had countless children, but kills them all. Only three have managed to elude his touch: Kida the Kingsman, Preston the Ace, and Logan the Luck-Touched. They fight with the Nine.

### Drifters

By-Tor chose Dyo and Down to represent him among the Drifters. Just what he is exactly, and what his intent is in this ordeal is yet to be seen.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/4IBD3MF4KF3ZzXOwuSUrxM" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
