---
layout: post
title:  "Yez"
date:   2015-03-2
excerpt: "The Gold Thief"
image: /images/lanternPic.png
image: /images/yezPic.png
tag:
- ronin
- apothecaries
- call of cthulu
- drifter 
- npc
- fly by night
- gold
---

## Yez Masterson

2/9

Campaign: Fly By Night


### Personality
The Golden Twin Thief, and the fourth of the Nine, Yez is both a dangerous enemy and ally. Her adaptability and skill have carried her far throughout her life, she has seldom known what it feels like to come in second place. As such, she is prideful and arrogant, able to strike with certainty and swiftness. Yez delights in being the best of the best, and being the grinning face of death that approaches in the shadows.

Yez's arrogance can be quite annoying to deal with, and her loyalty to her father, the Gold Master, is absolute. While it is nearly impossible to truly win her over to another's side, she's easy to coax by riling her up or showing her a rare bit of kindness. Any loyalty Yez gives, however, is short-lived. She'll murder a man for the paper in his pocket if she believes her master would approve.

### Unique Skills & Weapons

- False Lion Mask: A mask gifted by Loki to the Gold Master. It nullifies most magic targetting the user. 

- Yez's Cloak: Allows Yez to walk on the ceiling of any room, and negates sound.

- Shadowrunner Enhancements: Medical augmentations that add metal plating to Yez's bones.

### Description

Yez is a short woman of Egyptian ethnicity with a hooded cloak and cat mask. The right half of her face has been heavily scarred, leading from cheek to scalp. She is a skilled thief as well as dangerously fast with knives and pistols. Along her inner forearm, she has a tattoo of a golden hand surrounded by needles and thread.

Assassination is Yez's main task. She will seldom win a straight fight with a proper enemy without setup, but if given time to stalk and observe her target, Yez will always be successful in her killing. Her magic style is unknown, but some accounts claim she quarters off prey with invisible walls, and kills large groups of enemies with knives riddled with plague or fungal magics. She appears to favor firearms when they are available, though, and will seldom use magic when equipped with one.

### Story

Originally a disciple of Loki, Yez served the god faithfully for many years. Despite her service, she was unliked by most of the others in the temples. When Sawyer, a new disciple, joined the order, a budding romance arose between the two, and Sawyer soon found himself at the center of Yez's schemes. Yez sought to steal from Loki's magical hoard of items, and enlisted Sawyer's help to do so, but the two were caught and beaten for their crime.

When the Gold Master came to Loki to petition for a magical artifact (as the Red Monk had recieved the Sifstring from Freyja in a court battle eariler in the year), Loki offered to do one better and give the Gold Master two children as well. Loki promised Yez and Sawyer over to the Gold Master to serve him, though due to the Gold Master's cheating in Loki's tasks, Loki handed over both children and the artifacts with a caveat on everything.

Yez and Sawyer were beheaded, and as Loki resurrected them both, he intentionally switched Yez's gender. Loki wiped the memory of Yez and claimed to do so for Sawyer as well, but secretly left the boy's memories intact. Loki then introduced them both to the Gold Master as twins, and forbade them from returning to his service.

Unlike the other members of the Nine, the twin thieves never had a proper parental relationship with their Chaotic Lord. Despite being named the children of the Gold Master, and occassionally referring to him as a father, the two took on more of a role of retainer to the lord.

Early on, in a fit of boredom, the Gold Master demanded that Yez and Sawyer fight each other to the death to see which was stronger. Yez ended up winning the ensuing chase, but only due to Sawyer's inability to kill someone he had once been close with. From that point forwards, the Gold Master would often encourage Yez and Sawyer to attempt to kill one another, which Yez did without question and Sawyer abhored. The Gold Master forbade the killing blow to protect his investment in the children, but cared little if they beat one another within inches of their life.

Yez shared a strained relationship with the Nine of the North. Ordered to join so that she could kill Lady Parhelion and Kida, Yez never found good enough opportunity to act on a kill in a way that the Gold Master would approve of. During the Nine's imprisonment by Spielascor, Yez's false mask shattered, and destroyed her face in the process. Yez spent most of her time captured unconscious, and was only released thanks to Sawyer bartering with the Gold Master for her life and proper medical treatment.

The Gold Master, now taken to travelling through different realms, dropped Yez in the midst of a warzone in WWI and left her to be rescued by a band of medics. Yez was nursed back to health in a backwater military hospital, where she learned how to adapt to modern technology, and got treatment for her face. During her time, she had a romantic relationship with one of the medics, and was briefly forced into service after being exposed as a magic-user. In an uncharactaristic bit of mercy, Yez is forced to leave with the Gold Master after properly healing, but argues for her lover to be spared from her father's hand, and succeeds in saving his life.  

### Drifters

After retrieving Sawyer, the Gold Master drops the twin thieves off in NeoTokyo and tells them to resume their fighting. The two once again begin to try to assassinate one another, with Yez teaming up with the Drifters in the Yakuza, and Sawyer being recruited by a local police force.

Sawyer and Tai try repeatedly to talk Yez into cooperating with them rather than playing the Gold Master's games, but Yez refuses and avoids them both. Yez's proximity and loyalty to Lucielle Johnson, who currently served as the patriarch of the branch Yez served, both confuses and the Nine as they try to extract her from the situation. Instead, Yez serves the yakuza faithfully, and even takes intense injuries while trying to fulfill the wishes of her team.

However, during a botched burglary, Sawyer catches and shoots Yez, severing her ties to the Drifters. Before he can escape, however, the Gold Master appears and forces Sawyer to submit. With the Drifters having caught the Gold Master's eye, however, he allows Sawyer and Yez to go assist the Nine briefly before returning to their roles. The two thieves help the Nine free Preston, and then return to serving the Gold Master.

As the Drifters appear in the North, Yez and Sawyer take on very different roles. Both serve as spies for the Gold Master to watch the Drifters, but Sawyer uses the opportunity to enlist the Drifters help with the Nine, while Yez solely uses the situation to spy for her lord properly. Yez is exasberated by the way the Gold Master lavishes gifts onto Jester Klatz, but cannot take aggressive action against him at her father's orders.

Yez, however, does defy orders when it comes down to killing Shan. Believing that her mask will negate Shan's hivemind magic, Yez attacks and fails to subdue Shan. Puppetting Yez's broken form, Shan attacks the Drifters out in the desert, and the Drifters manage to survive the attack along with resecuring Yez's unconcious body.

Yez is revived and cared for by Sawyer, but is humilated and aggressive towards the party. She assists the Drifters and the Nine, mainly at gunpoint due to Sawyer. When the Gold Master's blade is given to Sawyer instead of her, Yez takes great offense, and decides that retrieving hte blade is highest priority.

As the Drifters geared up to fight Spielascor the final time, Yez purposefully took her metal knives and pistol into the realm with her. While left alone with Dyo and Sawyer, Yez shot Sawyer in the back of the head and robbed him of any valuables, including his mask, gun, and the Gold Master's blade.

with that, Yez dissapeared, refusing to see out the rest of the mission.


### Relationships

- Nox: the two are some of the oldest Ronin clan members and both bum at the Ronin safehouse. Besides having complimenting skills on missions, they also are both familiar with the old gods. They are both wild conspiracy theorists, sharing varied topics on old dieties and cryptids. Following the bank heist, they are able to fuse together into Chupacabrawl.

- Blaine: Yez's lover, a medic from WWI. The two get along surprisingly well, though most of their relationship was built on lies.

- Sawyer: Once lovers, but now Loki has rewritten their story to be twins, swapped Yez's gender, and stripped Yez of all memory of such a relationship. Sawyer still cares deeply for Yez, but Yez finds his kindness and loyalty offputting and misplaced.

- Tai: Despite being natural enemies, Tai and Yez get along surprisingly well. They are not friendly with one another, but share a begrudging admiration of the other's ambitions and selfishness

- The Gold Master: Yez serves him wholeheartedly. While Yez's loyalty to most others is conditional, his is absolute.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/1P6tBvJBuzQs5WjXTVOF2z" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
