---
layout: post
title:  "Orro Elswynd"
date:   2015-01-24
excerpt: "Preview tagline"
image: /images/orroPic.png
tag:
- driftwood
- illumina
- drifter 
---

## Orro Elswynd

Campaign: Illumina, Driftwood, Fly By Night, Refridgerator

### Personality

Orro’s life has been devoted to his book since he stepped onto that boat, and he’s willing to go to almost any lengths to complete the thing. However, in the time since then, the focus of the book has gradually shifted from an academic paper to the biography of himself, his group, and an encyclopedia of the magic, creatures, and people they come across. Between this, the amount of help he’s received from him, the responsibility instilled in him by his upbringing, and the position of leader that the group gave him, the scholar feels greatly indebted to the drifters and sees their health and safety as one of his highest priorities.
When it comes to people not directly involved in his book or the drifters, Orro is well-spoken but can be snarky at times as he views tasks that don’t help to finish his book as tedious at best. In this respect, Orro will usually try his best to be respectful at first, but this can quickly devolve into rude quips and thinly veiled threats if he doesn’t get his way quickly.


### Description

Orro is about 5’4”, and when casually dressed, he wears a beige turtleneck under a blue cloak with large glasses. In battle, Orro will usually wear a chainmail shirt under his cloak, and has taken to wearing it much more often due to the drifters’ tendency to get into fights constantly. Under his cloak, he wears a number of belts and straps suspending various pouches, tools, vials, papers, and other miscellaneous implements of his many trades.


### Story

The Elswynds of Tresbin are a family of scholars, academics, and archivists. Through generations, the family has been renowned for their contributions to the fields of zoology, anthropology, arcana, alchemy, astronomy, and mage-smithing. Names such as Durin Elswynd adventuring archeologist, and Moria Elswynd the Trapper are household names in the Tresbin area and are known even in the greater empire. As such, the name Elswynd carries much weight, both for those it’s used against, and those bearing it.
Orro is the fourth child of the Elswynd familiy, born several generations after the great heroes like Durin and Moria. The family he was born into had largely strayed away from the adventuring side of its heritage, turning fully towards the academics that pervaded earlier familial works. In his childhood, he attended balls and galas as most noble families did, but at home, he received the typical rigorous education of House Elswynd, covering subjects from basic anatomy to interplanar theory. Upon finishing their formal education, each member of the family was expected to produce a work of knowledge that was expected to greatly enrich its field. Orro’s older siblings had already made huge contributions to the fields of zoology, alchemy, and mage-smithing, and with those being his subjects of choice, the boy felt he would be forced to work forever in the shadow of his siblings. That was unless he could do something truly new and grand. As if by fate, Orro caught wind of a voyage across the sea to an unexplored land. This presented an opportunity not only to complete his thesis, but to outshine anything his siblings, or even his lineage had ever produced. The new world would be his chance to uncover new beasts and magic and to restore the adventuring-academic legacy of his family.
Orro came into the voyage thinking only of the book he was creating, but as his journey continued, the folks he came to travel with helped him so much and asked for almost nothing in return. Seeing this, Orro developed a close bond with his traveling companions and prioritizes keeping them alive over most other things, save for his work.


### Drifters

And this is anything that's happened in ur life since you became a drifter.


### Relationships

- Mytharius Orthello Casimir: The pair have met once, while Orro rested near a sphinx in the tower of the mad mage Magni. They spent most of their time together swapping stories and, though not as important as his own work, Orro found great amusement in the tales of Myth’s exploits throughout the North. Unfortunately, Myth’s stories also cast a poor light on him, as he over-embellished his role in many of his companion’s battles. Orro views Myth as amicable, if somewhat incompetent, however, should their meetings continue, Orro would likely come to find Myth’s tendency for self-glorification bothersome. 

And add songs to the spotify playlist below.
If you want to hide a short story in this page, let me know and I"ll set up a hidden link.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/6JryCh3MxphcUF2Si0np5z" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
