---
layout: post
title:  "Orro Elswynd"
date:   2015-01-24
excerpt: "Preview tagline"
image: /images/orroPic.png
tag:
- driftwood
- illumina
- drifter 
---

## Mytharius Orthello Casimir II

Campaign: Fly By Night

### Personality

Despite his newfound purpose, years of his apathetic attitude have left a mark on him. Mytharius cares very little for the actions of others as long as they do not impede his mission of finding, meeting, and befriending what he has discovered to be his kindred spirits across the multiverse. Myth talks a big game but is quick to duck out of a fight if things get bad, and makes sure to maintain a safe distance from whatever is trying to kill him or his allies at any given time.

### Description

Myth is a taller man, around 6’. He usually wears a duster, porkpie hat, and shorts with sandals. Most of his clothing is quite old and washed out, lacking in color, save for a bright orange scarf he constantly wears around his neck. Around his waist is a silver cord, holding up a pair of wooden batons and a deck of cards which he always carries with him in case a fight breaks out. More recently, he also keeps a letter opener on him to assist with his ‘duties’.

### Story

Born Orro Elswynd, a child of the Elswynd trade family of Lewyll, he lived a fairly normal childhood for a noble, though he had an especially strong love for the beauty of the world around him. Around the age of 14, he was introduced to the family's true business. The Elswynd Family of Lewyll was at the center of a mystical organization known as the Candlemagi, who acted as arcane police and warrior-scholars, collecting and protecting works of magical significance and ensuring the art wasn’t used to upset the laws of nature. Many years of training with and working for the Candlemagi led to the creation of his alternate identity, Mytharius Orthello Casimir II, a name he would use when he didn’t wish to drag the Elswynd family name into the Candlemagi’s various engagements. 
In his time working for the candlemagi, Orro was successful, if not a bit of a loose cannon. Much of his time in Lewyll and the wider world beyond left him feeling like he was missing something critical to his life, and this, in turn, gave him an apathetic streak when it came to completing his missions with the candlemagi exactly to specification. One day, he was assigned to shadow a pair of senior members in a mission to take down a reality-warping mage who had been terrorizing the City of Isinglos. The battle was fairly swift with the two senior mages taking down the reality-bender quickly, but not before Orro was hit with a strange variant of the banishment spell which sent him tumbling through someplace unfamiliar and otherworldly for a few brief minutes. There he saw points of light, sewn together into branches and cables all intertwining at a central point and spreading out around him, and at each point of light, he could feel something. Something familiar, yet strange. Something he wanted. Upon the spell’s expiration he returned to the world familiar to him, but something had changed. He knew what had been missing all those years, and he would make it his life’s purpose to seek out whatever those points of light had been. He quit the candlemagi and threw away his family name in the process, adopting Mytharius as his identity full-time in order to freely travel the world and research less traditional arcane texts with impunity, but made very little headway until many years later, a door opened up before him, inviting him somewhere strange and new.

### Drifters

Since becoming a drifter, Mytharius has had the opportunity to engage his love of finding those who share his kindred spirit. He regularly uses the tree to travel between the realms searching for others like him. As a supplement to this, both to pull in some money and collect information on possible new Orros, Mytharius has started his own mail service, Mytharius' Mystical Mail Service.

### Relationships

 - Orro Elswynd: Mytharius absolutely loves Orro and sees both of them as great friends after only a single encounter. Orro was the first of the kindred that he met, and seeing the single-minded drive to collect that had driven him present in another gave Myth a great sense of togetherness. As a person, Myth does find Orro somewhat dry as much of their encounter was swapping stories and Orro’s tales read like academic texts rather than the sweeping sagas Mytharius illustrates.
 
 And add songs to the spotify playlist below.
If you want to hide a short story in this page, let me know and I"ll set up a hidden link.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/6JryCh3MxphcUF2Si0np5z" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
