---
layout: post
title:  "Megurin"
date:   2015-01-22
excerpt: "A showy and childish mage."
image: /images/megurinPic.png
tag:
- driftwood
- drifter 
---

## Megurin

Campaign: Driftwood

### Personality

<a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/1stNight" >leading soldiers</a>

Megurin has a fascination with storm related magic, which is typically the first thing people learn upon encountering her. She aims to preach the glory of her magic to everyone she meets, going far out of her way to show off and draw attention. She is very strict in her magic style, staying exclusively to her storm magics and disregarding other mages' taunts regarding having an undiverse set of spells. Her goal is just to constantly be able to better produce a lightning blast, and her work is never finished on that front.

She also displays a more childish side that's hidden beneath her professional exterior. For the most part, she can maintain her composure and continue showing off her skills unaffected, but she quickly grows angry at people who refuse to be impressed by her magic. Slights against her will be remembered for quite some time. She's also heavily devoted to only specific aspects of her life, growing somewhat lazy and lax to anything not directly related to her magic.

### Description

A well-dressed human lady, typically showing off her storm magics in public places. She wears older mage robes with a few ornate badges and metal ornamentations. Her looks are mainly for show and not for travel, but they aren't impractical. Her robes appear to be hand-sewn, but of a very high quality. 

### Story

Originally from a village north of Ebonguard, home to a wide variety of spellcasters. She grew proficient with her magics from a young age, but she left to find bigger things to experiment on. She spent the better half of a year seeking out odd adventures and fame before finally landing amongst the Drifters. Unfortunately, during that time she lost a great deal of her money chasing loose ends and failing to pick up jobs.

### Drifters

After travelling for several months in search of a greater audience, Megurin settled briefly in Ebonguard in order to stage a few shows at a local tavern. The Drifters, upon arriving at said tavern, met up with Ferdinand at the same time that Megurin was showing off some of her magic. Upon overhearing Ferdinand's hiring, Megurin intercepted the Drifters, inquiring about their quest and eagerly trying to show off her abilities to win over the group. The Drifters ended up taking Megurin up on her offer, and recruited the storm mage to try to fill in the hired help for the Driftwood.

On the next day, when the Drifters were confronted for bringing undead into the city, Megurin rushed to the aid of the Drifters as they were set upon by the city guard. While she appeared very on edge about not attacking the guards back, she adhered to the group's wishes to try to de-escalate the situation. When a member of the Drifters was attacked though, Megurin retaliated and disuaded the remaining soldiers from interfering further. As things began to wind down, Megurin realized that Storyweaver was really the problem in the situation, and ran to confront him. The two squared off, with Storyweaver being beloved by the locals for having "disspelled" the zombie horde, and Megurin being played off as the "evil wind mage". The facade wore off quickly though, causing Storyweaver and Megurin to set aside their differences briefly to escape the guards.


### Relationships

- Storyweaver: Whereas Megurin has a showy side to her, Storyweaver seems to delight in the more clever and shady aspects of his magic. This puts the two in conflict, despite having a lot of the same pride in their work.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/2K0BjlYyEawN3Ol4bKdjJz" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
