---
layout: post
title:  "The Red Tide"
date:   2016-01-14
excerpt: "An incredibly heavy trident, old and brimming with power."
image: /images/redtidePic.png
tag:
- fly by night
- artifacts 
- red
---

## The Red Tide
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Details

A heavy trident forged by the dwarves of old, and gifted to the denizens of Vanaheim. The Red Tide is made of solid, tough metal which weighs more than any other common iron or steel. The hilt is wrapped in a velvet that never wears down, and a small marble-like gemstone is embedded into the metal at the top of the trident.


### Effect

The Red Tide (Lv 1): A trident that must be weilded 2-handed and cannot be thrown normally, but deals 1d10 damage.

Aquifer (Lv 1) - Instead of a regular trident throw, the Red Tide has a ranged ability. So long as the Red Tide can touch the ground prior to using this action(and ground is not blocked by metal or other difficult terrain to pierce), Gloria can use this ability. When thrust forward, a spear of water appears from the tip of the Red Tide, and slams into enemies. Deals 1d6 (range 20/60), and pushes enemies 10ft away.

The Sweeping Tide (Lv 1): For an action,, Gloria can twirl the Red Tide summons a set of circular waves around her. All units within 10ft (circle) must pass a  strength saving throw (DC 10) or be pulled 5ft closer to Gloria.

Dogbane (Lv 3): The bearer of this artifact has +3 to hit and +3 damage against any Canine enemies.

Restored Relic:
This artifact cannot be destroyed.

### Feats
Gloria originally entered the North unaligned to any of the Chaotics, but won favor through her deeds. She was gifted the Red Tide to allow her to continue training, and to accomplish her goals.
