---
layout: post
title:  "Nida"
date:   2017-01-13
excerpt: "The largest city in the North, upheld by the Gold Master."
image: /images/capitalPic.png
tag:
- fly by night
- places 
---

## Nida
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Geography
Sporting a good 200-300 residents, Nida stands as the largest civilization in the North, and falls directly under the control of the Gold Master. Nida is a city built in the heart of Nidavallir on top of the old dwarven gold mines. Despite the relatively small size of the city, Nida is considered the hub for all urban activities, including trading, bartering, drinking, and just about any other social activity.

Nida is the Gold Master's pride and joy, though the people of the city are somewhat wary of the man's existence. The Gilded Cage (the Gold Master's guild) guards and keeps the city safe by deploying Ratlings and Catlings to oversee trade and keep the borders free of demons. The Gilded Cage also blatantly interferes with nearly every other matter in the city, though the residents abide by this.

### Places of Interest
- The Tavern: Nameless because of the infrequency of drinking establishments still standing in the city. The tavern is located near the eastern gates of the city, and has a long blacklist of people never allowed on the premises again due to damages. The tavern is unique in the fact that it is one of the few areas within city limits that does not actually legally belong to Nida. The current chef of the tavern is Varissa, a demon hunter who was rescued from the Moosejaw Arena prison cells by the Drifters. Her house specialty is a rich beef stew and rye breads. Other notable visitors to the tavern include the local miners, as well as Sebastian the silver dragon, who can be found there often on the weekends.

- The Entertainment Plaza: In the direct center of the city, a large stone plaza is setup, surroundded by houses on all sides. A small canal cuts through this area, crossed by a single toll bridge. In the heart of the plaza sprouts a large ornate fountain, and near the front of the plaza a stage and triptych are setup to allow for plays and theatre shows. The triptych typically shows the three acts of "The Thousand Pelts" in its artwork, partially due to the popularity of the tale among the denizens of the North, and partially because it stars the Gold Master.

- The Residential Area: Large, apartment-like houses are built up around the city to allow for as many people to live in the area as possible. Due to the nature of the North though, most of these houses are quickly abandoned as their residents meet unfortunate ends here or there.

- The Gold Mines: ???

- Beneath the Mines: ???

- The Gilded Cage House: ???


<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/6wIODD70QvgphnOsFpyCba" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
