---
layout: post
title:  "The North (Ysgard)"
date:   2017-01-15
excerpt: "Where all great men go to die, at least the ones who were interesting."
image: /savvy-layer-files/NorthPic.png
tag:
- fly by night
- places 
---

## The North (Ysgard)
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Geography
Ysgard, stands tall as the realm of the gods and the afterlife for many a lucky soul, accepting largely only the bravest and boldest of hearts into its clutches. The gods which preside over the nine realms of Ysgard have done so for quite some time, but they now share territory with a band of intruders. The Chaotic Lord, having entered the scene a scant 70 years prior to this writing, have staked their own land in Ysgard. With them, four large settlements of mortals now cover four of the major realms. These settlements are collectively known to them as the "North", as reference to the cardinal direction of Ysgard on the Great Wheel. The fact that Ysgard is further East than North though shows the general caliber of which these mortals operate at.

Ysgard is broken apart into 9 major realms, all spread along the World Tree Yggdrassil. Yggdrassil's branches host numerous pathways into other realms, as well as offer nesting for all sorts of divine beasts. All-in-all, Ysgard is a strange realm to say the slightest, and is not particularily hospitable to any mortals who decide to take up residence. Under the watchful gazes of the Chaotic Lords though, the cities... do not exactly thrive, but survive.

### Places of Interest

The Bifrost: A winding rainbow staircase within the trunk of Yggdrassil, monitored by the god Heimdall. Walking along its lengths is safer than traversing from the outside, but not by much. It leads from Vanaheim up to Asgard, and no further in either direction.


### Realms

Asgard (The Hall): The great drinking hall of the Aesir gods. The souls of slain warriors go to live out their days within Asgard, playing out battle after horrific battle for the glory of winning the day. The Chaotic Lords seldom set foot in such sacred grounds, except to challenge the gods to drinking competitions or games of wit.

Vanaheim (Vana): The plains and deserts of the dead, currently split territory between the Red Monk and the goddess Freyja. The souls of the calm and mild are split between here and Hel. Freyja's land is lush and full of meadows, while the Red Monk's Monastery is built upon the vast clay desert. The relation between them is amicable, one of the few releations between the Chaotics and the gods which has not gone astray. Water is scarce, like in many realms.

Alfheim: The forests of the Vanir gods and the elves. The gods who reside in this land are good friends with the Chaotic Lords Snowdog and By-Tor, and invite them regularily into their midst. The Chaotic Lords know better than to accept said invitation though. The light elves still reside over their land, uncontested by the Chaotic Lords. Perhaps it is because the lords are content with what they have conquered, or perhaps it's just an old truce they have yet to break.

Midgard (Earth): There is one in every world, is there not?

Jotunheim: Realm of the giants, or at least one of them. Jotunheim remains out of reach and secluded, built upon the backs of the divine beasts Dvallin and Dunerir. No one knows what sorts of creatures live in those cities any longer, or if their warring has finished them off for good.

Muspellheim (Muspell): A fiery hell of a land conquered by By-Tor. The demon lord has set up residence among the land's fiery rivers and lagoons, and dredged up land from the pits of molten magma. The closer you get to the heart of Muspell, the colder and darker it gets, until all that lays before you is an endless road and miles of farmland... leading up to the home of the Chaotic himself.

Nilfheim: An icy hell of a land which was the first piece of Ysgard conquered by the Chaotic Lords collectively. The land was once in constant war between the silver dragons and the ice giants, locked into balance between the vicious creatures. The Chaotic Lords tipped the balance in favor of the dragons, however, and the land was awarded to them to be split with the remaining silver dragons. Snowdog now presides over the inhospitable land, and shares the inner sanctums of the cities with several notable dragons.

Svartalfaheim: The realm of the dark elves. By-Tor visits often, though for no good reason, I'm sure. It lies in the shadows of Yggdrassil, and few have business there that leads to the prosperity of mankind.

Nidavallir (Nida): An old dwarven mine known for its magical gold, now dried up and largely abandoned. The Gold Master has set up the largest settlement of mortals on top of the old mines, and the goddess Hel has moved her operations to below the mines. The Gold Master taxes the living, and Hel taxes the dead. Occasionally, they tax each other, and things quickly go awry.


### Divine Beasts

- Dvallin and Dunerir: The twin deer, each having two heads and four sets of massive horns. Dvallin and Dunerir each stand tall enough to be mistaken for hills or mountains while they graze on the leaves of Yggdrassil. Choosing Dvallin as a patron is a sign of bloodlust, and Sunerir as a patron is a sign of peace.

- Ratatoskr: The skittish squirrel, gigantic and quick in movement. Ratatoskr runs along the length of Yggdrassil, teasing the snake below and taunting the eagle above. At the first sign of a fight, he flees. Choosing Ratatoskr as a patron is a sign of trickery and jest.

- Nidhogg: The hungering serpent, twisting its lengths around the roots of Yggdrassil and submerging itself in the depths of the ocean which lays below it. Nidhogg's constant gnawing harms the health of the world tree, and every few hundred years the gods must run down and smite it to prevent further harm. Choosing Nidhogg as a patron is a sign of persistence.

- Verfolnir: The vengeful hawk, its wings block out the sun while it hunts its prey. It dives down at Ratatoskr in fury, and becomes tangled in the twisting tree branches overhead. Verfolnir protects Asgard from its foes, and prunes portals off the world tree when it deems so. Choosing Verfolnir as a patron is a sign of honor and irritability.

- Jörmungandr: The world serpent, who's ever-living body was used to build the bifrost staircase. The serpent still lives, scales glowing as it slithers in its own skin, but the vast reaches of its body extend beyond what we utilize. Choosing Jörmungandr as a patron is a sign of efficiency and beauty.

- Sleipnir: The eight-legged horse. A gray mare which brings the fog upon her step. Sleipnir's presence strikes fears into those who make out her viseage, and though she remains a steed to Odin, her presence is almost always noticibly missing from his side. Choosing Sleipnir as a patron is a sign of calousness and ambition.

- Hugin & Munin: The god Odin's pet ravens, one carries thought the other memory. While they stick close to their owner, Hugin and Munin have grown into rightful harbringers of power, being swollen from the depths of knowledge which the great god king has amassed. Hugin and Munin delight in watching the battles upon Asgard. Choosing Hugin as a patron is a sign of merit and foresight, while choosing Munin is a sign of judgement and ferocity.

- ???: The lapdop of Hel. Doesn't even merit a line in this book. Choosing him as a patron is a sign of loyalty, though if you ask me it's more like showing your belly.

- ???: We do not speak of all the divine beasts. Choosing him as a patron is a sign of aggression and power, and his magics are vast though his maw is sealed. I am thankful we did not end down this route, and you can thank the trickery of the eight for that.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/7bxSQ7Nu3zCDoRE4808qdP" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
