---
layout: post
title:  "Saltend"
date:   2017-01-16
excerpt: "The city built upon the city built upon the city."
image: /images/Saltend.png
tag:
- hadal keep
- places 
---

## Saltend
Campaign: Hadal Keep

### Geography
Saltend rests as a large prisoner settlement within Hadal Keep, home to many groups of people who evidentally decided to settle down within a relatively stable environment. Saltend's proximity within Hadal Keep is largely unknown right now, although it appears to be neither at the lowest level, nor the highest. The entrance is well-guarded, both from the prison's prosecuters and stray prisoners alike. While Saltend appears to be a refuge for many, they appear to have the intent to keep the more malicious of prisoners and looters out of their city.

The entirety of Saltend is a palimpsest both upon itself and the prison as a whole. It appears the city's foundations have been rooted in the original structure of the prison, lending itself to winding hallways at various levels and pipes spurting from the walls and ciel. The homes and buildings within Saltend are built around the orignal designs, and then built ontop of the prior generation's buildings, creating long walls and multiple-level buildings all confined within the space. On a whole, Saltend appears dreary, but peaceful. 


### Places of Interest

The Generic Courtyard with Deadly Robots: A kind of mechanical forest which hides Saltend. Small robotic animals and lesser bandits roam amongst it, and natural grasses and plants grow amongst the pipes. Electrical fields prevent mechanical beings from entering the first line of defenses. The rest of the path is obscured by twisting hallways, and guarded. 

The Jade Candle: A lovely inn that offers hospitality to new residents of Saltend. It has a large selection of rooms and a tavern accessible from the lobby. Much too pleasant for the locale it resides within.

The Tailor's House: A private shop run by a local tailor. One of the only places you'll find fineary within the city, and perhaps the prison as a whole.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/5ZjHnqy6BXdwG26P0UCZVt" width="100%" height="80" frameBorder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
