---
layout: post
title:  "Papa John"
date:   2018-01-21
excerpt: "Bone fiend of the Yrudus staff."
image: /images/johnPic.png
tag:
- flybynight
- monsters 
---

## Papa John
Campaign: Fly By Night 

### Description

A transmuted bone fiend, sprung to life from the realm of Muspeilheim and druidic magics. Papa John is a large, skeletal creature with scythe-like legs and a poisonous bladed tail. It resembles a cross between a deer and a skeleton, but unlike most variants of bone fiends, it lacks flesh of any kind between its rotten bones. When inanimate, it resembles nothing more than a pile of old bones and metal.

Papa John in particular is a bone fiend bound to the forsaken Yrudus staff. 

### Drifters

Upon arriving in Ebonguard, the Drifters went looking for hired help in the city, eventually leading them to a small tavern where they recruited Megurin and Ferdinand Von Aegir. After making arrangements with the new fighters, however, a pair of ogres stormed into the tavern and demanded everyone leave. The Drifters quickly scurried past, with Orro, Ferdinand, and Lady Parhelion all introducing themselves to the ogres before being told to scram. While the group hung outside the tavern, Spacejam eavesdropped in on the conversation, and found that the barkeep was being fleeced for money and beaten.

After the ogres had left, the Drifters returned to heal the barkeep and ask about the encounter. The barkeep said that he'd owed money to the Yuzug family, and that he'd been behind on payments. Spacejam ended up healing the man of his injuries, and Lady Parhelion gave him the money he needed to cover the next payment, but the Drifters as a whole expressed their concern at the whole affair. While some split off to return to the ship, Orro, Lady Parhelion, and Rykke found one of the Yuzug safehouses after following the ogres.

In the alleyway outside, Lady Parhelion and Rykke teamed up to gain enterance. Upon knocking on the safehouse's door, Captain Cho greeted Lady Parhelion and quickly slammed the door in her face. The second time she knocked, she cast thunderclap and destroyed part of the door, as well as injuring the captain next to it. As he opened up the door to confront her, Rykke shapeshifted into a smaller version of Captain Cho and began to try to convince him that she was one of the ogres.

Captain Cho, realizing the clear deception, invited the group together into the safehouse with a false saccharine voice. Everyone knew the gig was up, but continued to play along with each other's lies for quite some time. The ogres continued to pepper Rykke with questions, very clearly leading her on to dig her own grave with false information. Right at the point where a fight was about to break out, though, the Drifters dodged the ogre's first hits and clarified that they were not, as the Yuzug's expected, part of the Lightbeards.

Upon learning that the Drifters were unassociated with the Lightbeards, Captain Cho became more receptive towards the bunch, and offered them jobs in the crime syndaciate for being bold enough to charge in headfirst to his quarters. The Drifters clarified that they were not interested in work either, but then realized that there was no information that they actually wanted to attain from the Yuzugs. Lady Parhelion explained that she actually had tailed the ogres to try to end their tyranny against the barkeep, and challenged Captain Cho to a duel.

Captain Cho initially refused, finding the idea of fighting the young girl idiotic. After pressing incessently though, he eventually caved in and decided to host the fight, with the condition that he not be blamed should he kill Lady Parhelion. Orro and Rykke, as well as the ogres, stood aside while the two squared off. The ensuing fight was brutal, with Lady Parhelion leading off with a savage swing of her harp to crush the ogre's skull. The fight lasted longer than either dueller had anticipated, with Lady Parhelion and Captain Cho swapping compliments on each other's fighting style, but both becoming heavily injured throughout the fight. As the captain began to fall in the fight, he quickly lashed out and began doubling the savegery of his blows, nearly killing Lady Parhelion with a flurry of hits. Lady Parhelion responded with a massive earthquake that threw the glass ogre off balance, and pinned him to the ground, choking him and trying to force him into submisison. Captain Cho tried to use magic to escape, but the Heart of Dalot prevented the manuever, and he remained pinned. Finally, in a last ditch effort, Captain Cho grabbed Lady Parhelion by the hair and threw her across the room, breaking her body across the fireplace and winning the duel.

However, Captain Cho called for Orro to heal Lady Parhelion and, when she came to, promised to clear the barkeep's debts on her behalf. Lady Parhelion, likewise, agreed to the terms to leave the premises. Both fighters, impressed with each other's tenacity, parted ways on good terms and agreed to work with each other in the future.

The following day, the Drifters were met with trouble from the city's guards due to bringing undead into the city. Captain Cho came to their rescue before things got out of hand, offering the Drifter's safe passage throughout the city. Captain Cho also offered the Drifters a task in hunting down the Mad Mage Maggi, and the group agreed to mull it over and meet him at the bathhouse with their final answer.

Sure enough, the Drifters showed up at the bathhouse to accept the offer. Captain Cho offered a generous set of rewards, far beyond what the Drifters requested, but Lady Parhelion had one final request before accepting the task: the request for a <a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/authorsNote" >rematch one day</a>.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/1dV6p35DsQlyrvXHiNgHg6" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
