---
layout: post
title:  "Captain Cho"
date:   2018-01-20
excerpt: "One of the two captains of the Yuzug family."
image: /images/OniPic.png
tag:
- driftwood
- monsters 
---

## Captain Cho
Campaign: Fly By Night 

### Description

The captain of the glass ogres of the Yuzug family.

<a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/authorsNote" >left after a year's time</a>. 


### Drifters

Upon arriving in Ebonguard, the Drifters went looking for hired help in the city, eventually leading them to a small tavern where they recruited Megurin and Ferdinand Von Aegir. After making arrangements with the new fighters, however, a pair of ogres stormed into the tavern and demanded everyone leave. The Drifters quickly scurried past, with Orro, Ferdinand, and Lady Parhelion all introducing themselves to the ogres before being told to scram. While the group hung outside the tavern, Spacejam eavesdropped in on the conversation, and found that the barkeep was being fleeced for money and beaten.

After the ogres had left, the Drifters returned to heal the barkeep and ask about the encounter. The barkeep said that he'd owed money to the Yuzug family, and that he'd been behind on payments. Spacejam ended up healing the man of his injuries, and Lady Parhelion gave him the money he needed to cover the next payment, but the Drifters as a whole expressed their concern at the whole affair. While some split off to return to the ship, Orro, Lady Parhelion, and Rykke found one of the Yuzug safehouses after following the ogres.

In the alleyway outside, Lady Parhelion and Rykke teamed up to gain enterance. Upon knocking on the safehouse's door, Captain Cho greeted Lady Parhelion and quickly slammed the door in her face. The second time she knocked, she cast thunderclap and destroyed part of the door, as well as injuring the captain next to it. As he opened up the door to confront her, Rykke shapeshifted into a smaller version of Captain Cho and began to try to convince him that she was one of the ogres.

Captain Cho, realizing the clear deception, invited the group together into the safehouse with a false saccharine voice. Everyone knew the gig was up, but continued to play along with each other's lies for quite some time. 


<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/1dV6p35DsQlyrvXHiNgHg6" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
