---
layout: post
title:  "Tell"
date:   2018-01-19
excerpt: "He who feasts on the frozen blood."
image: /images/tellPic.png
tag:
- Fly By Night
- monsters 
---

## Tell
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Description

A gigantic ancient silver dragon, far surpassing all other dragons of the north in terms of ferocity and chaos. His form changes constantly, but he prefers a more basilisk-like appearance to his normal draconic self. There are several slits along the hood of his throat that radiate an intense cold, despite their warm glow. In wartime, Tell was fabled for his strength as a noble in the bloodline of the silver dragons. Before the Chaotics arrived, Tell was cast aside from the dragon armies for his feral nature. After the war ended, Tell was eventually re-welcomed into society via the Silver Pact, but <a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/PrestonAndTell" >left after a year's time</a>. He has not returned since, and contact with him has been sparse and unproductive.

### Drifters

After Down requested a tournament to recieve a "blue eyes white dragon", By-Tor arranged such an event to occur. The prize at the end of the tournament was to be the glory of executing Tell.

The Drifters found Tell shortly after being trapped in the prison of the Moosejaw Arena, where the dragon was being held in a cell overwatched by a skeleton missing its jaw. The skeleton had etched writings into the ground in front of the dragon, most illegible. Tell appeared to be asleep, and did not respond to any languages thrown his way. When asked about Tell, the prisoner Varissa said that he'd been held captive for as long as she'd been there, and that Tell was, in general, not a pleasant dragon to go associating oneself with.

Before the final round of the tournament, By-Tor's skeleton audience ushered the losers of the fight back into the jailcells to be fed to Tell, but the Drifters instead found themselves face-to-face with the jawless skeleton once more. This time, the skeleton had written out the word "RUN" in front of the dragon. The skeleton appeared defensive towards the group, and after Nero grabbed her staff, it tried to fuse with his hand and turned into a group of bone devils.

Upon successfully fending off the bone devils and "winning" the tournament, Down got to return to Tell's cell and was given a silver axe to kill the dragon. The silver axe barely cut into the dragon's skin though, and Tell began to mock Down for not being able to kill him. Down was left repeatedly swinging the axe into the exposed neck of the dragon to no avail, and finally let the dragon be.


<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/3XjxDRUhFpxXGNf1vydA2l" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
