---
layout: post
title:  "Fry Fiend"
date:   2020-04-15
excerpt: "Gigantic salty french fry."
image: /images/fryfiend.png
tag:
- Feast of Legends
- drifter 
---

## Fry Fiend
Campaign: Feast of Legends

### Description
The fry fiend is a gigantic french fry which has been mutated by hunger into a hostile monster. They are around 5 feet tall, and are aggressive towards most humans and animals. They are especially known to track down and attack any carts transporting Ketchup, Mustard, or Ranch. Attempting to communicate with a Fry Fiend will only cause the Fry Fiend to let out its trademark screech and attack.

A Fry Fiend is formed when a large group of french fries is exposed to significant amounts of hunger or magical energy, causing the fries to meld together. After several hours, the developing Fry Fiend grows eyes and limbs, and transforms into a fully grown Fry Fiend.

The Fry Fiend is known primarily to use its fists to pummel its victims, but is also known to use its greasy hair to shake large amounts of salt into its victims' eyes. This salt will temporarily obscure vision and may cause lasting irritation. In rare cases, this salt may even cause death through dehydration, but death by blunt force trauma is much more common.

Freshtovian records indicate that Fry Fiends have "large, crooked, noses, tattered pointed ears, and brightly colored punk rock hair," but observation of the Fry Fiend indicates that this is not the case. The reason for this inaccuracy has not yet been revealed.

While most fry fiends are feral, some Fry Fiends appear to be aiding the Ice Jester in attacking Freshtovia. What method the Ice Jester uses to control these creatures is yet unknown.

### Drifters

The Drifters encountered several Fry Fiends on their way from the Freshtovian Capital City to Frosty Canyon Village. The fiends had attacked a honey-mustard transport cart several days prior to their arrival.

Three more Fry Fiends were seen occupying a transport cart of ranch, luring in the Drifters before the Hamburglar's ambush.
