---
layout: post
title:  "Frÿsta"
date:   2020-04-16
excerpt: "The Hamburglar's Pet Cthulu."
image: /images/frysta.png
tag:
- Feast of Legends
- monsters 
---

## Frÿsta
Campaign: Feast of Legends

### Description
The Frÿsta is a colossal frozen monster around 15 feet tall. Its body is covered in frozen crystals, and its face consists of four massive tentacles leading to a giant icy maw. Due to the Frÿsta's large size, it is usually attacking targets much smaller than itself, causing the Frÿsta to be constantly hunched over in battle. Frÿstas are not native to Freshtovia, but The Ice Jester and his minions sometimes unleash Frÿstas upon the Freshtovian people as part of their ongoing terror campaign.

Frÿstas are native to the Deep Freeze, and were originally giant ice monsters that inhabited the Deep Freeze's northern mountains. At some point in the past, several Frÿstas wandered into the Ice Jester's territory. These wild Frÿstas were captured and later released in Freshtovian territory, attacking countless trade carts and terrorizing the countryside until they were destroyed by the Queen's warriors. More recently, it is suspected that the Ice Jester himself has gained direct control of several Frÿstas, a fact not widely known among the Freshtovian people.

Frÿstas appear to be sentient, and records indicate that they can speak in a "hidden and forgotten language," but no individual (except maybe the Ice Jester) has successfully communicated with one.

The Frÿsta possesses incredible strength befitting for its massive size. Its primary method of attack is to pummel victims with its massive arms, or charge at them and body-slam them into the ground. Due to the jagged ice crystals covering its body, victims hit by its physical attacks often are impaled by countless ice crystals. If the Frÿsta is unable to hit a target with its physical attacks, it may choose to instead spray a blast of frozen spit from its mouth, freezing anyone caught in its area. Once a victim is frozen, if the Frÿsta is hungry, it will grab its prey with its tentacles and drag it towards its mouth, eventually swallowing the unfortunate victim whole.

### Drifters

The Drifters encountered a Frÿsta summoned by the Hamburglar while attempting to secure a caravan of Ranch dressing.

Whether the Drifters will encounter more of these creatures is unknown.
