---
layout: post
title:  "Freezy, the Frozen Bird"
date:   2020-05-14
excerpt: "Definitely not An*via."
image: /images/freezy.png
tag:
- Feast of Legends
- monsters 
---

## Freezy, the Frozen Bird
Campaign: Feast of Legends

### Description
Freezy is a legendary frozen bird under the command of the Ice Jester. Her body consists of her 25-foot wingspan of jagged, icy-blue feathers, frozen feet tipped with icy talons, and a beak that hangs low on its face. It is not known whether Freezy was naturally born from the frozen mountains of the Deep Freeze or created by the Ice Jester himself. Regardless, the bird seems sentient, but can only communicate with ear-splitting screeches.

Freezy's most powerful ability is to slowly convert areas of fresh land into frozen territory by enveloping the area in a massive frost storm. Weaker creatures are completely unable to enter the frost storm's area, and stronger creatures perceive the storm as a biting, frozen mist. After a period of ten days, the entire region will become covered in ice, and its inhabitants must either flee or be quickly transformed into one of the Frozen.

Since she is a flying creature, Freezy is not particularly strong or durable in comparison to other massive creatures commanded by the Ice Jester. The physics of flight require that Freezy's icy bones and muscles be incredibly light for her size. In direct combat, however, she is incredibly mobile, able to go from standing completely still to flying at 60 mph in only a few seconds. This speed allows her to ram into enemies from the sky, crushing any victim in her path.

In addition, the sharp ice crystals on her wings can be used as blades, allowing her to swipe her wings to cut down victims in a wide area. If significant damage is dealt, these ice crystals will start to loosen, allowing Freezy to also use these wing wipes to launch ice crystals at her victims. Freezy can launch these ice crystals with pinpoint accuracy, and Freshtovian records indicate that she has never yet missed  when using this ability. These ice crystals are additionally able to punch through even the toughest of Freshtovian armor, making Freezy an exceedingly deadly foe.

### Drifters

The Drifters found Freezy summoning an ice storm in the middle of Biggie Vale. Freezy was destroyed by Mansteur the Mad after accidentally dive-bombing into the ground and becoming entangled in Oreo Elswynd's fishing line.

Whether Freezy has been destroyed permanently, or is simply reforming herself in the Deep Freeze, is yet to be revealed.
