---
layout: post
title:  "Alara"
date:   2015-01-8
excerpt: "A Shifter trying to rectify her own past misdeeds."
image: /images/alara(lethe).png
tag:
- Hadal Keep
- drifter
---

## Alara
Campaign: Hadal Keep

### Personality
Loves to drink away the sorrow. Tends to misplace said alcohol, which causes problems when she misremembers which elemental is currently out. Outwardly mischievous, but generally pretty loyal inside. Takes friendships very seriously, but won't show it, and loves all animals except for dogs, which for some reason frightens her.

### Description
A springy cat Shifter with orange hair and tail, about 6ft tall. Very light on her feet, and tends to be pretty quick, unless inebriated. Alara tends to put her morals first, and the rules second. Due to her tendency to get into fights, has a pretty severe scar on her left arm which she covers with a bandage. Carries bags to carry goods she may find, as she believes in the rule of "finders keepers".


### Story
Alara was a shifter who grew up in the streets of (insert city here), simply trying to make ends meet through either drinking or stealing. Often hopping from one section of the massive city to the next, Alara would be constantly on the run for her "deeds" - a stolen brooch here, an amulet there. She never stole more than she needed to, but she knew eventually her crimes would catch up to her. Upon one such excursion, however, she happened upon a book entitled "Legend of The Drifters", and learned of heroes in the past who once fought to save the gods. Especially enamored with Down's Deck of Familiars, Alara found herself longing for something more to her life, and thus set off for the first time away from the under-alleys to find a way to develop herself to something better, and to find her own personal company to laugh and adventure with.

Eventually, through months of studying and experimenting in the wild, she used her natural affinity to nature to further her own abilities to shapeshift, and learned how to weave said magic into forming her own "Deck of Familiars", and decided to try to apply her newfound abilities to achieve something worthy of the book she read that day before. Returning to the cities with renewed vigor, she threw herself onto the guild board to find quests to help others.

Unfortunately, though initially successful, Alara eventually began taking on quests that were far too hard on a single Shifter. Angry at her own losses, she began to make a return to the local bar for extremely late-night sessions, simultaneously returning to her roughhousing that the local bars knew her for. She would respond to this by attempting to find even more difficult missions to atone, creating an unfortunate cycle. Rolo, the bartender, would soon take note of this and would try to encourage her to take it easy, oftentimes to no avail.




### Hadal Keep
After failing a recent quest to defeat a Wildebeast, Alara once again got into an argument with Rolo, who tried suggesting she find some other help to ease the burden she put on herself. Knowing he was right, but unable to accept it, Alara stormed off to her room instead, drink and bottle in hand.

Calling out her fire spirits, she vented out to the spirits instead, when she accidentally brushed her bottle into her companions, causing a massive explosion, knocking Alara out. The explosion caused the local guards to arrive and investigate, and upon finding Alara on the ground, they managed to match her to the thief who stole the Amulet of Vigor months back from the Royal Family.

Brought in for questioning, Alara confessed she knew not where the Amulet was sent, as she pawned it off months ago. Charged with both arson and robbery, she's thrown to Hadal Keep for her crimes.

### Relationships
- Flicker - the primal spirit attuned to her. Alara loves her spirit, and laments to it often, which often responds warmly to comfort her.
- Rolo - bartender who's seen Alara's stance pre-thievery days and post. He knew of who Alara was by her constant rowdying, but chose to keep quiet as he saw her willingness to change to something better. Alara never realizes this, but does constantly chat and laugh with him on other topics.

### Crimes
- Arson
- Robbery
