---
layout: post
title:  "Gunnar"
date:   2021-06-30
excerpt: ""
image: 
tag:
- Hadal Keep
- Drifter
---

## Gunnar
Campaign: Hadal Keep

### Personality
Enjoys shooting lots of bullets. Very scared of Nero, as well as anything else dangerous.

### Description
A cowardly Roman soldier, with a robot minigun hand.

### Story
Gunnar is a deserter from the Roman army who made his way to the North, where was first found operating a shop in Nida. He is incredibly scared of Nero, especially so after being kicked in the nuts several dozen times by Nero himself.

When the Drifters went to Rome, he murdered Emperor Nero in the alt-Rome invaded by By-Tor. He later joined Snowdog's army after Snowdog saved his Rome.

When things went sideways due to Shan's takeover of the North, Gunnar deserted Snowdog's army. When the North was rebuilt, he went to KYURIKOM & DOWN FARMING CO. to get an upgrade for his wrist-mounted minigun. This turned out to be a terrible mistake, since all of Kyurikom's inventions explode. He lost his hand in the resulting explosion, and decided to instead go to DYO & DOWN FARMING CO. for both a replacement hand and a replacement gun.

Neo-Tokyo Savvy decided to merge his gun and his hand, and gave his new hand-gun an artistic touch by giving it cat ears and calling it a "Catling Gun". Gunnar was not pleased, but the prosthetic hand worked well enough.

Later on, Gunnar was arrested by the interdimensional police for his crimes and thrown into Hadal Keep.

### Hadal Keep
In prison for Crimes™

### Relationships
- Nero: Not a fan. Both literally and figuratively.

### Crimes
- Desertion
- Regicide
