---
layout: post
title:  "Verdeel, the Twinsoul"
date:   2021-06-29
excerpt: "Vessel of the Nascent God"
image: /images/Verdeel.png
tag:
- Hadal Keep
- Drifter
---

## Grenn Verdeel
Campaign: Hadal

### Personality
Sultry and sharp, the hobgoblin Verdeel prefers to solve problems before they arise. Plans within plans backed up with contingencies which themselves are part of larger designs. They approach both life and conflict with a calm, calculated confidence, always working towards some unspoken ends. Yet, in spite of their calculating nature, Verdeel is a flexible tactitan, ready to abandon weeks of planning in an instant, should another line of action reveal itself. While meaning well, they can frequently come off as condescending and blunt.

Deep down, Verdeel is pragmatic to a fault. A self proclaimed stoic and tactician, otheir ultimate goal is to maximize advantages and minimize disadvantages.  As such, they can be unusually willing to sacrifice friends, allies and wealth, should the outcome be sufficiently rewarding. They hold no qualms with lying, cheating, stealing or killing, so long as these actions serve their ends; slaughter one to save a hundred. Additionally, they see others as pieces in a grand game rather than individuals; their empathy and kindness merely a tool to advance their own goals.

While normally appearing kind and caring, if not a bit abrasive, Verdeel is prone to fits of cold poisonous rage, should their wisdom be questioned or ignored. They care greatly about appearances, being quite ashamed of these outbursts and becoming uncharacteristically apologetic in the aftermath.



### Description

Verdeel is a tone, adrogynous hobgoblin. Elegant and perpetually well-dressed in a flowing pastel kimono and shawl, they take great pride in maintaining a sophisticated appearance. Their black, elaborate hair falls loosely over a chiseled pale orange face adorned with ostentatious jewelry. Large platform sandals further accentuate their already imposing stature, reaching nearly 6’5” when standing erect. 

In maintaining an elegant calculated persona, each movement and step Verdeel makes is gentle and true. No matter what, they always keep their head raised and their posture precise, only exacerbating their condescending energy. They carry no true weapons, brandishing only a large folding fan to confound attackers and conjure blasts of wind.

On the rare occasion they become flustered, Verdeel has been known to rapidly descend into an almost feral rage. Hunched and disgruntled, they begin to spit their words and drop any pretense of kindness. 


### Story

Verdeel is an individual that has always existed in a state of duality. An intersex individual born out of wedlock to a hobgoblin father and an elvish mother and perpetually plagued by migraines Verdeel lacked any sense of belonging for most of their childhood. Tron between the rigid hobgoblin hierarchies andelvish eco-anarchists, common ground with their peers was hard to find. This sense of isolation led Verdeel to further distance themself from others. 

However, this all changed on the day that Verdeel made a friend. They had many acquaintances from both sides of their life; but this friend was different. This friend did not exist. Or at least, did not exist YET. Verdeel realized that their lifelong migraines were the result of being sensitive to the grand machinery of the cosmos. Their ability to sense cosmic energy had led them to intercept a signal from an immensely powerful entity trapped between the folds of reality. The entity, calling itself Verity, took pity on Verdeel, seeing them as a sort of kindred spirit; both desired nothing more than a place to belong among others like them.

The two became close companions; Verdeel shared stories of the material world while Verity honed it’s friend’s latent sorcerous powers. Verdeel began to understand that the duality of their existence was not a curse, but a blessing. They had seen the discipline of the hobgoblins and how it let them organize hundreds of individuals into a unified whole. They saw how the elegance and free spirit of the elves fostered creativity and genius alike.  They saw how their mortal flesh held the potential to shape the world. They saw how Verity’s magic gave them the power to do so.

It was Verdeel who first proposed the idea, for duality had become their mantra. Verity longed for a body of it’s own to experience mortal life. They had given Verdeel so much over the past 15 years; it was the least they could do to repay the favor. Verdeel allowed the entity Verity to possess their mortal body. Though, instead of oblivion, Verdeel found their soul sharing the vessel with their companion. Two interdependent souls inhabiting a single body and mind. 

Through displays of clairvoyance and magical skill, Verdeel has become something of a messaic figure among their followers. While they claim no divine gift or salvation, those from all walks of life have fallen into their retinue. Yet for all of the friends and allies the Twinsoul has made in their life, they remain the only being to know their end goal. Every action they take always serves this aim in some unknowable, unseen way. None in their retinue knew why they willingly forfeited themself to the wardens of the Hadal Keep. Perhaps it was for the money and they were planning an escape. Perhaps it was to get close to and make allies of the Drifters. Or perhaps they truly are just mad. All anyone else knows is that everything is going according to plan.

### Drifters

Verdeel is very aware of the drifters and their exploits, having researched them extensively as potential allies. In addition to the drifters as a whole, they seem to harbor a special interest in those who have “Heard the call of things betwixt”. Seeking knowledge of other worlds, they hope to fall into the good graces of as many within the organization as possible. Perhaps they will be the final piece to Verdeel’s grand plan.

### Relationships
-Verity, The Nascent God: Verdeel and Verity share a bond closer than family; they love and trust each other unfalteringly. The lines between the two individuals have blurred and it is now impossible to know which of the two speaks any given word. For all intents and purposes, they are one person.

-Attendants of the Twinsoul: Through displays of power, kindness, foresight and intelligence, individuals from all backgrounds have fought for a better world by Verdeel’s side. While many see them as a messiah, a god, a friend, a lover, Verdeel invariably sees each of them as a tool to further their own ends. Yet, to keep a tool useful, one must treat it with respect and reverence. Each tool is a precious gift that must be maintained if their goals are to be realized.

### Hadal Keep
Verdeel willingly forfeited themself to the Wardens of the Keep, granting the reward to one of their trusted allies in another realm.

### Crimes
-Heresy


