---
layout: post
title:  "Uron The Bound"
date:   2021-07-09
excerpt: "defender of Voxir"
image: /images/Uron.png
tag:
- Hadal Keep
- Drifter
---
! This character is currently in play, so the page will remain incomplete !

## Uron of Voxir
Campaign: Hadal

### Personality
Uron, for the most part, is a respectful and caring man. He is grateful for assistance provided to him and helps others out in turn, often assisting and providing more than is given to him. He works by his own moral code, however, which means that sometimes he does what he believes is right despite what is socially acceptable or what the laws may be in a specific area.

His love-life is nonexistent on purpose. While Uron can appreciate the beauty of other creatures, he has no interest in the non-platonic emotions of a relationship. In fact, feelings like love or lust from others disgust him as they are unpure. He finds purity in creatures frozen in time or faux replications of scenery, beings unable to age or worsen with time and unburdened by intellectual thought, allowed to just be. When he is able to recreate the most beautiful of creatures through his masonwork he will finally be at peace and retire in his house surrounded by his creations.

### Description
Uron is a 35 year old blue tiefling. While he is not out of shape, he is more lean than toned. His arms and spiraling horns are adorned with gold jewelry, which he wears religiously and with pride. He keeps his long dark cobalt hair neatly braided to prevent strands from falling in front of his eyes. In contrast to his neat hairstyle and jewelry, the rest of his attire is somewhat halfhazard, with his red buttoned shirt left mostly open and his belts falling down the side of his stripped trousers. Despite no issues with his walk, he brings a cane with a marble hand as the handle wherever he goes, interlacing the faux fingers with his own.

### Story
Little is known about Uron's early life as he wandered from place to place without calling any home. He took a minor interest in the mystical arts and would look through the occasional book of arcana to pass the time during his meals. He would often pay an extra gold when he was finished eating, despite how much or little the dinner cost.

Eventually Uron found his way to Voxir, a small town in snowy, high-altitude rocky path. Maybe it was due to finding the place charming or simply because it was difficult to traverse the harsh climate, but either way Uron ended up spending a few years in the mountain village. He befriended the local goldsmith Draxter, a gruff gnome with a pure heart and a soft spot for ale, and Malenna, the human barkeep for the only tavern in town, who would begrudgingbly take care of the two as they drank into the night (due to Draxter's terrible influence). All was not well at Voxir, however, as its remote location made it a target for various creatures in the night. Uron slowly developed a reputation as the defender of Voxir due to ridding the town of the minor monsters as they appeared. The townsfolk funded Draxter to make extravagant jewelry for Uron as thanks for his various good deeds.

His comforting life at Voxir ended, however, when a larger monster set its sights on the small village. A gorgon stampeded through the town, and it was clear that due to the uncommon arcanic energy surrounding the monster that it was being controlled by something greater than itself. His friend Malenna was petrified into stone by the Gorgon, becoming a beautiful statue that Uron couldn't help but be entranced by. Uron was able to defeat the gorgon with the assistance of the town, but not without consequence. As the beast was slain, the arcane energy surrounding it exploded and created multiple portals, exploding the Malenna statue and sending the pieces all over multiple dimensions in the process, and infused Uron with uncontrollable magic.

Uron's stay after the gorgon incident was a short one. The magic exposure resulted in his magic flaring up and wreaking havoc on the town, from tripping an ox to burning down a building. While Uron infused his golden gifts with magic to hinder some of these outbursts, it was becoming clear that Uron needed to leave before his bad reputation upsurped his good one. Perhaps more importanly, Uron couldn't get the image of the perfect porcelein version of Malenna out of his head and his curiousity became a strong desire to reconstruct her and have the immaculate object for himself. With a teary goodbye from Draxter, Uron left to recreate the perfect woman and discover and dispose of the being behind the gorgon attack, possibly curing his magical imperfections in the process.

### Drifters
Uron is somewhat familiar with the Drifters as an organization and recognizes his place in it, though he has not had direct contact with many. Perhaps his lack of involvement in many of the infamous Drifter adventures allowed him to keep a low profile. Though he had heard many a plea for assistance from certain Drifters due to a claimed connection, he deemed their moral character to be dubious at best and couldn't trust they were reaching out in good faith. Their plight was still concerning nonetheless so Uron quietly kept tabs.

### Relationships
Wade: Will not stop sending letters. It's bordering on harassment.

Draxter: His closest friend. Any drunken rude man Uron will find charming as it reminds him of Draxter.

Malenna: The literal object of Uron's affection, assuming she stays an object.

### Hadal Keep
Uron was caught in the act of destruction and attempted theft of statues at a museum. He claims that the destruction was temporary and he could mend the marble, but the statue hand on his cane made it difficult for museum workers to take his word at face value. As he was in the process of proving he could resolve the issue, law enforcement discovered his status as a Drifter and associated crimes and sent him to Hadal Keep.

### Crimes
Loitering, Destruction of Property, Larceny