---
layout: post
title:  "Vyras, Twice-Bless"
date:   2021-06-29
excerpt: "An Androgynous Hobgoblin Whos Beauty Belies Their Wit"
image: /images/Vyras_Portrait.png
tag:
- Hadal Keep
- Drifter
---

## Vyras Motera
Campaign: Hadal

### Personality
Sultry and sharp, the hobgoblin Vyras prefers to solve problems before they arise. Plans within plans backed up with contingencies which themselves are part of larger designs. They approach both life and conflict with a calm, calculated confidence, always working towards some unspoken ends. Yet, in spite of their calculating nature, Vyras is a flexible tactitan, ready to abandon weeks of planning in an instant, should another line of action reveal itself. While meaning well, they can frequently come off as condescending and blunt.

Deep down, Vyras is pragmatic to a fault. A self proclaimed stoic and tactician, otheir ultimate goal is to maximize advantages and minimize disadvantages.  As such, they can be unusually willing to sacrifice friends, allies and wealth, should the outcome be sufficiently rewarding. Additionally, they see others as pawns more often than people; their empathy and kindness merely a tool to advance their own goals.

While normally appearing kind and caring, if not a bit abrasive, Vyras is prone to fits of cold poisonous rage, should their wisdom be questioned or ignored. They care greatly about appearances, being quite ashamed of these outbursts and becoming uncharacteristically apologetic in the aftermath.



### Description

Vyras is a tone, adrogynous hobgoblin. Elegant and perpetually well-dressed in a flowing pastel kimono and shawl, they take great pride in maintaining a sophisticated appearance. Their black, elaborate hair falls loosely over a chiseled pale orange face adorned with ostentatious jewelry. Large platform sandals further accentuate their already imposing stature, reaching nearly 6’5” when standing erect. 

In maintaining an elegant calculated persona, each movement and step Vyras makes is gentle and true. No matter what, they always keep their head raised and their posture precise, only exacerbating their condescending energy.

On the rare occasion they become flustered, Vyras has been known to rapidly descend into an almost feral rage. Hunched and disgruntled, they begin to spit their words and drop any pretense of kindness. 


### Story



### Drifters


### Relationships
--TODO


